Now it's time to learn how
to shut down your board.
I mean, all in all, it should be pretty
self-explanatory, especially for
these operating systems that we're using.
However, we would like to go
over some safe steps to take
while shutting down your board.
So if you are using the Android operating
system, you'll notice that on the board
you have three buttons, one which is a
power button, one which is a plus button,
and one which is a minus button.
The power button essentially
serves as almost like the lock
button on your cell phone or
the power button on your cell phone.
Now, if you want to power down from
Android, you're going to hold down
the power button until you're
prompted with a screen that says,
would you like to shut down your device.
You'd simply click that and
wait for the device to power down.
If you're observing your
monitor at the time,
you'll notice that the signal will leave.
It will basically say that
the signal is lost and
you are now able to unplug
your device safely.
If you don't follow this procedure, then
sometimes you could corrupt some files on
there and you might have to
reflash an operating system.
>> And it's important that you
unplug it after you boot it down,
because occasionally it could boot
back up and you don't want that.
Now, working with Ubuntu and Windows 10,
it's, I mean,
it's really basic how to shut it down.
You can locate it in the bottom
left corner or top left,
depending on the operating,
how it's set up at the time.
They have a shutdown menu where
you can just click shutdown and
your, the board should boot off.
You can also, if you want, go into the
terminal if you already have it open and
you're working on programming, you can do
a pseudo shutdown to boot down the board.
And, again, just make sure you unplug
the power after you shut it down so
it makes sure it doesn't
boot back on again.
>> Yeah, it boots back on after
about ten seconds, I think.
>> Yeah, after a little while
if you leave the power on,
because that's how we turn it
on is just plugging it in.
>> Yeah.
>> So
>> All right.